we're on holidays is the only place
where you can find Oh No
never-before-seen heavyweight episodes
of The Simpsons Oh mmm I just do I
forget what I do Sundays
don't miss a single all-new episode of
the legendary city that will never die
Sunday's any seven central on the home
of The Simpsons Oh Fox
they came from nowhere
to become an overnight sensation their
music defined a generation and then
suddenly they disappeared but this
Christmas the legend returns guys knock
it off it's 3:00 in the morning
Alvin Alvin Alvin and the Chipmunks whoa
Theodore did you just real Apple jump
all right him prove it hmm okay dude you
owe me big-time
this holiday season a story that began
with the greatest tragedy in television
history
we were cancelled we yes I see good news
everyone
those asinine morons who canceled us
were themselves fired for incompetence
with that baby the new morons it marx
proudly presents Futurama in an all-new
feature-length adventure
you know it's funny what you winger haha
a time sphere what's the secret of time
travel doing on Friday ass it was bound
to be somewhere I still a feast of meat
bag Excellus eve the most wonderful my
dear echo poo oops all commanders
standby prepare to transfer battle
control to the main duper computer on my
mic
whoa nice attack doodoo heads bye old
buddy it's me bender Bender's Big Score
Oh the perfect gift for every man woman
and child in the world dude ha ha
that's just me bender the universe is
doomed doomed can I pull up my pants now
mmm
buy it buy it buy it buy it
be on the small screen
you